ROX:26971: Add CRS to ACS docs (#89252)
openshift/openshift-docs: cloud_service/getting-started-rhacs-cloud-ocp.adoc

[id="securing-rh-cloud-clusters"]
=== Securing {osp} clusters

> You can secure {osp} clusters by using the Operator, Helm charts, or the `roxctl` CLI.

Reviewer: Do we need to state which Operator, as this is the first reference in the module?

[id="overview-installing-cloud-secured-clusters-osp-operator"]

> ==== Securing {osp} clusters by using the Operator
> 
> . Verify that the clusters you want to secure meet the xref:../cloud_service/acscs-default-requirements.adoc#acscs-default-requirements[requirements].
> . In the {cloud-console}, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/cloud-create-instance-ocp.adoc#cloud-create-instance-ocp[create an *ACS Instance*].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Securing {osp} clusters by using the Operator

.Procedure
. Verify that the clusters you want to secure meet the xref:../cloud_service/acscs-default-requirements.adoc#acscs-default-requirements[requirements].
. In the {cloud-console}, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/cloud-create-instance-ocp.adoc#cloud-create-instance-ocp[create an *ACS Instance*].
```

. On each {osp} cluster you want to secure, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/cloud-ocp-create-project.adoc#cloud-ocp-create-project[create a project named `stackrox`]. This project will contain the resources for {product-title-managed-short} secured clusters.

> . Create the mechanism that the Central instance, also called Central, will use to set up communication with the secured clusters. You will either create an init bundle or a cluster registration secret (CRS). Do one of these actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the mechanism that the Central instance, also called Central, will use to set up communication with the secured clusters. You can either create an init bundle or a cluster registration secret (CRS). Do one of these actions:
```

Author: I personally prefer "perform" but I was told not to use it in a previous peer review (although [IBM Style guidance](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#perform) is kind of...not hardline on it).

* In the ACS Console, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate.adoc#init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate[generate an init bundle]. The init bundle contains secrets that allow communication between {product-title-managed-short} secured clusters and Central.
* Log in to Central and use the `roxctl` CLI to xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate.adoc#roxctl-generate-init-bundle_init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate[generate an init bundle].

> * Log in to Central and use the `roxctl` CLI to xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate.adoc#crs-generate-roxctl_init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate[generate a CRS].

Reviewer: We are already logged into Central, right? 
```suggestion
* In Central, use the `roxctl` CLI to xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate.adoc#crs-generate-roxctl_init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate[generate a CRS].
```

Reviewer: I saw that you have two steps that start "Log into Central." After you log in the first time, do you have to do it again?

Author: No, you are doing one of the 3 bullets - 1) Use the ACS Console and create the init bundle; 2) log in to central and create the init bundle; OR 3) log in to central and create the CRS.

If you pick bullet 1, you use the ACS Console (GUI). If you pick bullet 2 or bullet 3, those each require logging in to Central.  In the previous steps, you are in the Cloud Console (not Central).

. On each {osp} cluster, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-apply#init-bundle-cloud-ocp-apply[apply the init bundle or CRS].
. On each {osp} cluster, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/cloud-install-operator#cloud-install-operator[install the {product-title-short} Operator].
. On each {osp} cluster, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/install-secured-cluster-cloud-ocp.adoc#installing-sc-operator-cloud-ocp[install secured cluster resources in the `stackrox` project] by using the Operator.
. xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/verify-installation-cloud-ocp.adoc#verify-installation-cloud-ocp[Verify installation] by ensuring that your secured clusters can communicate with the ACS instance.

[id="overview-installing-cloud-secured-clusters-osp-helm"]
==== Securing {osp} clusters by using Helm charts

> . Verify that the clusters you want to secure meet the xref:../cloud_service/acscs-default-requirements.adoc#acscs-default-requirements[requirements].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure
. Verify that the clusters you want to secure meet the xref:../cloud_service/acscs-default-requirements.adoc#acscs-default-requirements[requirements].
```

. In the {cloud-console}, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/cloud-create-instance-ocp.adoc#cloud-create-instance-ocp[create an *ACS Instance*].
. On each {osp} cluster you want to secure, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/cloud-ocp-create-project.adoc#cloud-ocp-create-project[create a project named `stackrox`]. This project will contain the resources for {product-title-managed-short} secured clusters.

> . Create the mechanism that the Central instance, also called Central, will use to set up communication with the secured clusters. You will either generate an init bundle or a cluster registration secret (CRS). Do one of these actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the mechanism that the Central instance, also called Central, uses to set up communication with the secured clusters. You can either generate an init bundle or a cluster registration secret (CRS). Do one of these actions:
```

* In the ACS Console, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate.adoc#init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate[generate an init bundle]. The init bundle contains secrets that allow communication between {product-title-managed-short} secured clusters and Central.
* Log in to Central and use the `roxctl` CLI to xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate.adoc#roxctl-generate-init-bundle_init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate[generate an init bundle].

> * Log in to Central and use the `roxctl` CLI to xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate.adoc#crs-generate-roxctl_init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate[generate a CRS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Central, use the `roxctl` CLI to xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate.adoc#crs-generate-roxctl_init-bundle-cloud-ocp-generate[generate a CRS].
```

* From a system that has access to the monitored cluster, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/install-secured-cluster-cloud-ocp.adoc#manifest-roxctl_install-secured-cluster-cloud-ocp[generate the configuration and extract and run the sensor script from the cluster bundle].
. xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_ocp/verify-installation-cloud-ocp.adoc#verify-installation-cloud-ocp[Verify installation] by ensuring that your secured clusters can communicate with the ACS instance.

[id="securing-kubernetes-clusters"]
=== Securing Kubernetes clusters

You can secure Kubernetes clusters by using Helm charts or the `roxctl` CLI.

[id="overview-installing-cloud-secured-clusters-kube-helm"]
==== Securing Kubernetes clusters by using Helm charts

. Verify that the clusters you want to secure meet the xref:../cloud_service/acscs-default-requirements.adoc#acscs-default-requirements[requirements].
. In the {cloud-console}, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_other/cloud-create-instance-other.adoc#cloud-create-instance-other[create an *ACS Instance*].

> . Create the mechanism that the Central instance, also called Central, will use to set up communication with the secured clusters. You will either create an init bundle or a cluster registration secret (CRS). Do one of these actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the mechanism that the Central instance, also called Central, uses to set up communication with the secured clusters. You can create either an init bundle or a cluster registration secret (CRS). Do one of these actions:
```

* In the ACS Console, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_other/init-bundle-cloud-other-generate.adoc#portal-generate-init-bundle_init-bundle-cloud-other-generate[generate an init bundle]. The init bundle contains secrets that allow communication between {product-title-managed-short} secured clusters and Central.
* Log in to Central and xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_other/init-bundle-cloud-other-generate#roxctl-generate-init-bundle_init-bundle-cloud-other-generate[use the `roxctl` CLI to generate an init bundle].

> * Log in to Central and use the `roxctl` CLI to xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_other/init-bundle-cloud-other-generate#crs-generate-roxctl_init-bundle-cloud-other-generate[generate a CRS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Central, use the `roxctl` CLI to xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_other/init-bundle-cloud-other-generate#crs-generate-roxctl_init-bundle-cloud-other-generate[generate a CRS].
```

. On each Kubernetes cluster, run the `helm install` command to xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_other/install-secured-cluster-cloud-other.adoc#install-secured-cluster-cloud-other[install by using Helm charts], specifying the path of the init bundle or CRS.
. xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_other/verify-installation-cloud-other.adoc#verify-installation-cloud-other[Verify installation] by ensuring that your secured clusters can communicate with the ACS instance.

[id="overview-installing-cloud-secured-clusters-kube-roxctl"]
==== Securing Kubernetes clusters by using the roxctl CLI, also called the manifest method

> . Verify that the clusters you want to secure meet the xref:../cloud_service/acscs-default-requirements.adoc#acscs-default-requirements[requirements].

Reviewer: This feels like it needs another word:
```suggestion
. Verify that the clusters you want to secure meet the xref:../cloud_service/acscs-default-requirements.adoc#acscs-default-requirements[default requirements].
```

. In the {cloud-console}, xref:../cloud_service/installing_cloud_other/cloud-create-instance-other.adoc#cloud-create-instance-other[create an *ACS Instance*].
. On each cluster you want to secure, create a namespace named `stackrox`. This namespace will contain the resources for {product-title-managed-short} secured clusters.

> . Do one of the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Perform one of the following steps:
```
